We finally made it to another important section in this course.
The two pillars in this section we're going to be talking about what I think are the two of the most
important concepts in JavaScript and also the most powerful.
These two powers that we're going to learn are also quite unique and not available in all languages
but it's also why it makes javascript so powerful if you understand these two topics that we're going
to talk about that you're truly going to evolve as a programmer.
If you want to be considered a senior javascript developer you have to know inside and out.
So what are these special skills.
It's right here closures and prototype all inheritance if you worked with JavaScript before then for
sure you've heard of these terms but they're pretty advanced especially if you want to deeply understand
them which we're going gonna do in this section.
But before we dive into these two pillars we're going to quickly talk about some of the below topics
right over here.
High order functions and functions versus objects in order to truly understand these concepts and once
we have all of that in place and we talk a little bit about the birth of JavaScript and how scheme and
Java where inspirational to Brendan Knight when he created javascript what we're going to learn here
and the two pillars is going to allow us to really move on to object oriented programming.
Functional programming to really start using what we've learned to make ourselves a better programmer.
So let's get started and I'll see in the next video by.